---
author:
  - name: ''
    url: ''
dateModified: '2016-07-20T17:39:50.737Z'
datePublished: '2016-07-20T17:40:07.820Z'
description: >-
  Born and raised in France. I created multiple websites during my childhood and
  teenage years and later became an active member in the open-source software
  community, specially in the open codecs and early implementation of the HTML5
  video element.
hasPage: true
inFeed: false
inNav: true
keywords: []
title: ''
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-25-about-me.md
url: about-me/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
Born and raised in France. I created multiple websites during my childhood and teenage years and later became an active member in the open-source software community, specially in the open codecs and early implementation of the HTML5 video element.

Moved to Amsterdam in late 2008, I started my career in E-Commerce while working during 4 years in the European E-Commerce department of the biggest American athletic shoe retailer. I later joined one of the leader of the Luxury Industry right before the kick off of their E-Commerce activities in Europe and stayed for 3 years.

I now launched my own company with several ventures. 

Passionate about E-Commerce, I believe a successful E-Commerce strategy is all about full optimization using best-practices and latest cutting-edge technology whilst keeping the brand authentic (if we hide your logo on your webstore, we should be able to tell, it IS your brand). This optimisation should be done comprehensively: traffic acquisition, landing pages, products pages, checkout, payments, logistic (till the last mile!) and customer retention (your customer service should be at the core of your business).

Disruptive technologies and tech-ventures aficionados, you will find on this website a good amount of press articles I find relevant to share, and also to spare my social network friends from too much tech news in their feed.